Refactor Laravel Autorun Script, adjust entrypoint behavior, contianer info improvements (#511)
serversideup/docker-php: docs/content/docs/4.laravel/1.laravel-automations.md

### php artisan storage:link
This command creates a symbolic link from `public/storage` to `storage/app/public`.

### php artisan optimize

> This command performs the cache functions mentioned below, as well as provides a way for external dependencies to also cache & optimize their data. This is disabled by default, as Laravel < v11.38.0 does not support granular optimizationvia `--except`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command performs the cache functions mentioned below, as well as provides a way for external dependencies to also cache & optimize their data. This is disabled by default, as Laravel < v11.38.0 does not support granular optimization via `--except`.
```
